EntizNetStore — Module 1C-1A Final Safety Check Before Supabase Apply

Before applying the canonical Supabase baseline, perform the following safety checks.

Do not apply anything to Supabase yet.

Do not modify source database data.

1. Backup security

Inspect:

backups/replit_database_20260809T114139Z.dump

backups/legacy_neon_20260809T114139Z.dump

Confirm whether either backup is:

Git tracked;
staged;
included in any commit/checkpoint;
capable of being pushed to GitHub.

These database dumps must NOT be committed to the repository.

Ensure the backup dump pattern/directory is excluded by .gitignore.

The human-readable backup manifest may remain tracked as long as it contains no secrets or private record contents.

If either dump has already entered Git history, STOP and report exactly what happened before attempting history rewriting.

Do not delete the backups themselves.

2. Confirm target Supabase migration history

Inspect the connected EntizNetStore Supabase project read-only.

Confirm:

whether supabase_migrations.schema_migrations contains any applied project migration versions;
whether migrations 001–006 were ever applied to this Supabase project;
whether the target remains effectively clean.

Do not alter migration history.

3. Legacy migration disposition

The old repository migrations must remain preserved for historical reference, but must NOT execute against the new canonical Supabase backend.

If the target Supabase project confirms they were never applied:

propose the safest way to move the obsolete migrations out of the active:

supabase/migrations/

execution path while preserving their contents in a clearly named archive/reference directory.

Do not delete them.

Do not rewrite their SQL.

Do not perform the move yet unless it is clearly required to prepare the clean migration history; report the exact proposed file moves first.

4. Canonical baseline confirmation

Confirm the only migration intended to establish the new EntizNetStore Supabase marketplace schema is:

20260809114139_canonical_marketplace_baseline.sql

Confirm it still has:

23 application tables;
seller_id as product ownership;
no owner;
no provider_id;
no products.price;
no products.images;
RLS enabled;
zero final RLS policies at this stage;
no migrated marketplace data;
no Auth users;
no Storage buckets.
5. Report only

Return:

backup Git-safety status;
Supabase migration-history status;
exact legacy migration files that need to leave the active migration directory;
proposed archive location;
confirmation that the canonical baseline is ready;
GO / NO-GO for applying it.

Stop after the report.

Do not apply the Supabase migration yet.